I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work - Thomas Edison
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them - Anonymous
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody. - Herbert B. Swope
If you have always done it that way, it is probably wrong. - Charles Kettering
Being different is one of the most beautiful things on earth. - Anonymous
Creativity is intelligence having fun. - Albert Einsten
The expert in anything was once a beginner. - Helen Hayes
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas Edison
A journey to a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader. - Margaret Fuller
I believe that every person is born with talent. - Maya Angelou
Always desire to learn something useful. - Sophocles
Wake up every morning with the thought that something wonderful is about to happen. - Anonymous
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. - Anonymous
Learning is not a spectator sport. - D. Blocher
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten. - B. F. Skinner
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. - Albert Einstein
Learning is like rowing upstream, not to advance is to drop back. - Chinese Proverb
Be a student as long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life. - Henry L. Doherty
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresea, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place. - Nora Roberts
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind. - C.S. Lewis
If you never try, you'll never know. - Anonymous
You don't always get what you wish for, you get what you work for. - Anonymous
Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better. - Bohdi Sanders
Just know, when you truly want success, you'll never give up on it. No matter how bad the situation may get. - Anonymous
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. - Joshua J. Marine
Good things come to those who wait… greater things come to those who get off their ass and do anything to make it happen. - Anonymous
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby
If you want to be successful as bad as you want to breathe than you will be successful. - Eric Thomas
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it. - Anonymous
Life is like photography. You need the negatives to develop. - Anonymous
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections. - Anonymous
Just remember there is someone out there that is more than happy with less than what you have. - Anonymous
Life has two rules: #1 Never quit #2 Always remember rule # 1. - Anonymous
One day, you're 17 and you're planning for someday. And then quietly, without you ever really noticing, someday is today. And then someday is yesterday. And this is your life. - John Green
Be yourself, everyone else is taken! - Oscar Wilde
I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me. - Isaac Newton
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. - Albert Einstein
There may be babblers, wholly ignorant of mathematics, who dare to condemn my hypothesis, upon the authority of some part of the Bible twisted to suit their purpose. I value them not, and scorn their unfounded judgment. - Nicolaus Copernicus
There is no law except the law that there is no law. - John Archibald Wheeler
We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within. - Stephen Jay Gould
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. - Marie Curie
You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him discover it in himself. - Galileo
Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Let me keep my mind on what matters which is my work which is mostly standing still and learning to be astonished. - Mary Oliver
The real voyage of discovery consists not of seeing new landscapes but in having new eyes -Marcel Proust
Where observation is concerned, chance favors only the prepared mind. - Louis Pasteur
You can observe a lot by watching. - Yogi Berra“
Even in the presence of astonishing human achievement (e.g., The Louvre), an absence of questions results in boredom. - Todd Newberry
The ultimate court of appeal is observation and experiment… not authority. - Thomas Huxley
Shh. Listen to the sounds that surround you. Notice the pitches, the volume, the timbre, the many lines of counterpoint. As light taught Monet to paint, the earth may be teaching you music. - Pete Seeger
Stuff your eyes with wonder … live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories. - Ray Bradbury
We cannot create observers by saying, ‘observe,' but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and those means are procured through education of the senses. - Maria Montessori
When scientifically investigating the natural world, the only thing worse than a blind believer is a seeing denier. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
One way to open your eyes is to ask yourself, ‘What if I had never seen this before? What if I knew I would never see it again? - Rachel Carson
What we observe is not nature itself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning. - Werner Heisenberg, physicist
There is no way in which to understand the world without first detecting it through the radar-net of our senses. - Diane Ackerman
To observe and to not ask questions is to…sleep. - Todd Newberry
When it's over, I want to say: all my life / I was a bride married to amazement. / I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms… / …I don't want to end up simply having visited this world. - Mary Oliver
Only that day dawn to which we are awake. -Henry David Thoreau
One way to open your eyes is to ask yourself, ‘What if I had never seen this before? What if I knew I would never see it again?' -Rachel Carson
Try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books written in a foreign language. -Rainer Maria Rilke
I see no more than you, but I have trained myself to notice what I see. -Sherlock Holmes, The Adventure of the Blanched Soldier
A notebook is the single most important piece of equipment a naturalist takes into the field. It is useful for recording daily observations, sketching plants and animals for later reference, taking notes on behavior and habitat, and assisting in identification by recording field marks that otherwise might be forgotten. The naturalist's notebook only increases in value as time goes by and observations accumulate. Soon, patterns begin to emerge from what initially may have been chance encounters With various plants or animals. A well-kept notebook that preserves a record of their activities at a particular place over an extended period of time can contribute information valuable to our understanding of nature. -From the preface to the Audubon Society Nature Guide to Western Forests, by Stephen Whitney (Knopf/Borzoi, 1985)
With just paper and pen, people who are passionate about a place may be as well equipped as anyone to protect it. -Carolyn Duckworth, naturalist-writer-teacher
When the bird and the book disagree, believe the bird. -Rich Stallcup
People know they have to work out to get good at sports, yet they don't think they have to work out to get good at asking questions. If you pose questions regularly, you learn the right questions to ask, and you develop stamina in finding the answers to them. You can keep on rephrasing and reposing questions to an animal until it just gives up and answers. It's a great game! -Todd Newberry, Emeritus Professor of Biology, UC Santa Cruz
No good field work can be reliable without a written record, set down in the field. No record kept in the head can be as accurate or precise as one in writing. -Steven G. Herman, in The Naturalist's Field Journal
The pleasure and value of every walk or journey we take may be doubled to us by carefully noting down the impressions it makes upon us. -John Burroughs
Part of the lure of keeping a journal is the world you enter when you open it. Working in it sets up an island of quiet and deliberateness to which you will long to return. -Hannah Hinchman
You can see that there is scarcely an observable fact unworthy of mention in your notes, and yet you could easily spend more time scribbling than watching, and that would defeat the purpose. So be selective, don't be compulsive, and enjoy your note-taking. -Robert Michael Pyle
Even while you're in dead earnest about your work, you must approach it with a feeling of freedom and joy; you must be loose-jointed, like a relaxed athlete. -Margaret Bourke-White
Hands-on experience at the critical time, not systematic knowledge, is what counts in the making of a naturalist. Better to be an untutored savage for a while, not to know the names or anatomical detail. Better to spend stretches of time just searching and dreaming. -Edward O. Wilson
You must walk sometimes perfectly free, not prying or inquisitive, not bent on seeing things. Throw away a whole day for a single expansion, a single inspiration of air. …You must walk so gently as to hear the finest sounds, the faculties being in repose. …Nature will bear the closest inspection. She invites us to lay our eye level with her smallest leaf, and take an insect view of its plain. -Henry David Thoreau
Spend time every day looking and listening without any ulterior motive whatsoever. Look not as a writer, or as a philosopher, not even as a scientist or artist-look and listen, simply, like a child, for enjoyment, because the world is interesting and beautiful. Let in nature without the vast and complicated apparatus of duty, ambition, habit, morals, profession-look and listen like a child to the robin in the tree. Of such sights and sounds are the kingdom of beauty, the sources of power and joy. -David Grayson
Over the years the content of the journals has broadened to include every aspect of my life. I try to see it all as natural history, and have become a naturalist on the trail of my own life. -Hannah Hinchman
Perceiving how things are is a mode of exploring how things appear. How they appear is, however, an aspect of how they are. To explore appearance is thus to explore the environment, the world. To discover how things are, from how they appear, is to discover an order or pattern in their appearance. The process of perceiving, of finding out how things are, is a process of meeting the world; it is an activity of skillful exploration. -Alva Noë, Action in Perception, p. 164
The world shows up for us, but it doesn't show up for free. We must show up, too, and bring along what knowledge and skills we've cultivated. As with a painting in a gallery, the world has no meaning-no presence to be experienced-apart from our ability to engagement with it. -Alva Noë, Varieties of Presence (UC Berkeley philosopher focused on perception and consciousness)
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good. - The Buddha
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame. - The Buddha
A disciplined mind brings happiness. - The Buddha
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves. - The Buddha
The root of suffering is attachment. - The Buddha
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds. Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl. -Mike Adams
Every answer given arouses new questions. The progress of science is matched by an increase in the hidden and mysterious. -Leo Baeck
Frequently on the lunar surface I said to myself, 'This is the Moon, that is the Earth. I'm really here, I'm really here! -Alan Bean
To see a world in a grain of sand, and a heaven in a wild flower, hold infinity in the palm of your hand, and eternity in an hour. -William Blake (Hamlet)
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress. -Niels Bohr
That is the essence of science: ask an impertinent question, and you are on the way to the pertinent answer. -Jacob Bronowski
The way of progress is neither swift nor easy. -Marie Curie
That star is not on the chart! -Heinrich d'Arrest
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. -Rene Descartes
Things should be made as simple as possible but not simpler. -Albert Einstein
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong. -Albert Einstein
The future just ain't what it use to be and what's more it never was. -Lee Hays
Never make an obtuse observation about a triangle. It just isn't right. -Bill Nye
Science is built up with facts, as a house is with stones. But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house. -Jules Henri Poincaré
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind. -Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there--on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam. -Carl Sagan (Pale Blue Dot)
The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate. Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand. -Carl Sagan (Pale Blue Dot)
It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known. -Carl Sagan (Pale Blue Dot)
Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another. -Carl Sagan (Cosmos)
The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff. -Carl Sagan (Cosmos)
A book is made from a tree. It is an assemblage of flat, flexible parts (still called "leaves") imprinted with dark pigmented squiggles. One glance at it and you hear the voice of another person, perhaps someone dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, the author is speaking, clearly and silently, inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people, citizens of distant epochs, who never knew one another. Books break the shackles of time ― proof that humans can work magic. -Carl Sagan
For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring. -Carl Sagan
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself. -Carl Sagan
We are a way for the cosmos to know itself. -Carl Sagan
But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown. -Carl Sagan
The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together. -Carl Sagan
Exploration is in our nature. We began as wanderers, and we are wanderers still. We have lingered long enough on the shores of the cosmic ocean. We are ready at last to set sail for the stars. -Carl Sagan
If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth. -Carl Sagan
Nature is unsentimental. Death is built in. -Carl Sagan
But I could be wrong. -Carl Sagan
Books are like seeds. They can lie dormant for centuries and then flower in the most unpromising soil. -Carl Sagan
A blade of grass is a commonplace on Earth; it would be a miracle on Mars. -Carl Sagan